Make recipe example (#73)
UBC-MDS/mealprep: README.Rmd

Lastly, there are many great tools in the data science ecosystem for pre-processing data such as [scikit-learn preprocessing](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/preprocessing.html) in Python. However, you may find yourself frequently writing the same lengthy code for common preprocessing tasks (e.g scale numeric features and one hot encode categorical features). `preprocess_recipe()` provides a _shortcut function_ to apply your favourite recipes quickly to preprocess data in one line of code.

## Installation:

```
pip install -i https://test.pypi.org/simple/ mealprep
```

## Examples

### `find_fruits_veg()`

### `find_missing_ingredients()`

### `find_bad_apples()`

### `make_recipe()`

> Do you find yourslef constantly applying the same data preprocessing techniques time and time again? `make_recipe` can help by applying your favourite preprocessing recips in only a few lines of code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do you find yourself constantly applying the same data preprocessing techniques time and time again? `make_recipe` can help by applying your favourite preprocessing recipes in only a few lines of code.
```

Below `make_recipe` applies the following common recipe in only one line of code:

1. Split data into training, validation, and testing
2. Standardise and scale numeric features
3. One hot encode categorical features

First load the classic `mtcars` data set.

```python
>>> from mealprep import mealprep

> >>> import pandas as pd

Reviewer: I added these 2 lines to the top of the examples section when I edited the `find_bad_apples` example in the README:https://github.com/UBC-MDS/mealprep/blob/master/README.md 

I'm a little torn now about whether we should include them in every first chunk of example code, or to include all these type of import statements once in one chunk above all examples in this section. Thoughts?

Author: Yeah I was thinking about the same thing. I think it makes sense to do what you proposed, and put at the top.

... )

>>> X_train.head()
#    Miles_per_Gallon  Cylinders  Displacement  Horsepower  Weight_in_lbs  Acceleration  x0_Europe  x0_Japan  x0_USA
# 0         -1.524901   1.457871      1.722121    1.775523       2.315653     -1.285191        0.0       0.0     1.0
# 1         -0.287181   0.327847      0.395050   -0.307445       0.248186      0.643767        0.0       0.0     1.0
# 2         -0.699754  -1.367190     -1.028694   -0.145436      -0.586540     -0.652746        0.0       1.0     0.0
# 3          0.573330  -0.802178     -0.466227   -0.307445      -0.165307     -0.020301        0.0       1.0     0.0
# 4         -0.228241  -0.802178     -0.589266   -0.145436      -0.391955     -0.336523        0.0       1.0     0.0
```

### Documentation
The official documentation is hosted on Read the Docs: <https://mealprep.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>

### Credits
This package was created with Cookiecutter and the UBC-MDS/cookiecutter-ubc-mds project template, modified from the [pyOpenSci/cookiecutter-pyopensci](https://github.com/pyOpenSci/cookiecutter-pyopensci) project template and the [audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage).

> ## Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
I think this was added by mistake (duplicate line)
